Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
FRENCH-STREAM
Where to begin?
Well. I guess what I really mean is that
everything I am comes from where I come from.
Eternia.
A world of infinite beauty.
Everything that only exists in legends
and stories to help you fall asleep.
On Eternia. all of this is real.
Vast lands. dragons. talking tigers.
Enchanted forests. deserted lands.
islands in the sky. anything you want.
I swear I'm not high.
And then there's Grayskull Castle.
My father once told me that Eternia
is the beating heart of the cosmos.
And Grayskull is the heart of that heart.
So. I suppose the heart of the heart
of the heart is the power of Grayskull.
It is said that it can make a
man as powerful as a god.
To protect it. the power
was locked in a receptacle.
An ancient sword they
called the Sword of Power.
Yes. that's what they chose.
Legend had it that when Eternia needed it most.
a hero would appear and brandish the sword.
And. you know. would use it.
Brilliantly.
Until that day. she had been locked in the
castle under the watchful eye of a witch.
Who was wise and ancient
and a little scary. to be honest.
But she's cool.
She is. she is cool.
For hundreds of years. Grayskull remained
under the protection of my ancestors.
You see. I come from a rather
impressive lineage of powerful heroes.
Noble. strong. fearless.
Mom. I don't want to fight.
Horm is bigger and stronger than me.
And I have poor hand-eye coordination.
That's absurd.
Who told you that?
Cringer. that's true.
It is the smallest and weakest.
It's a miracle he didn't break any bones.
Or that he is not dead.
So. what should the prince
do instead of training Horm?
I don't know. maybe spend
some time and play with Cringer?
Vas-y.
I'll find a ball of wool
and I'll be all right.
There's no hope. you know.
Should I go?
Horm's training.
NOW.
Listen up. future best of the comebacks.
There are no statues of our losers.
No street is named after a coward.
And there are no parades
for those who do their best.
This land. this palace. your entire life are built
on the backs of men and women who won the fight.
And as your king's man-at-arms.
you can bet I've won many battles.
That's why we're all here.
I saved your mother's and father's lives.
I saved your neighbor's life.
I saved the lives of your
neighbor's mother and father.
That's a lot of buttocks.
You know what?
The fact is. I fought for you.
Now you will fight for me with quick
reflexes. a sure shot. and glorious muscles.
And that.
Does anyone know what this is?
It's a stick.
Thank you for stating the obvious.
Anyone else?
Wait.
Your arms.
That's it. my dear.
Those are your arms.
They are an extension of you.
Very good. in pairs. with arms raised.
I want to see big. bright blues.
I want to see bloody noses.
I want to see broken teeth.
OK. let's go.
Adam.
Look at me.
Yeah. hit me in the face.
Harry. next time it will be more difficult.
Can we just sit down and talk about it?
Yes. Adam.
Just do what you can. okay?
Yeah.
Wait.
What kind of friend are you?
The kind that will beat you.
Duncan.
How do you think our newbies are feeling?
They are a group of good
and hardworking people. sire.
All ?
Do not be a tempter. Adam.
He's making a fool of himself.
I promise to make a man of him. and I will.
Yes.
But what kind of man?
Believe me.
He disarmed her.
That's not how it works. old man.
My boy.
Face me with that.
Now. pick it up.
NOW......
Defend yourself.
This world is not made for the weak.
Yes. Dad.
Now. say it.
This world is not made for the weak.
Get up.
When you fall......
This is your chance to get back up.
All right ?
And to look strong.
When he turns around. he will see you.
And you want to show
him that you can take a hit?
When he turns around. he
won't see a frightened little boy.
He goes to see a man.
What is he going to see?
Board.
Look at.
As soon as he turns around...
Bring it back.
The show is over.
Back to work.
Let's go.
Adam ?
What are you doing here?
I'm with you.
Oh?
Well. I came here to be alone. so...
Don't be so clingy.
I didn't think you were weak. you know.
Today. training.
My father did it.
Is it...
...the witch?
What is she looking at?
Get rid of them.
We are under attack.
I'll take care of it. sire.
The god of war trained for this.
I promise you...
that no harm will come
to you or your family.
We will drive you safely to Greyskull.
Guards!
It's good.
Stay close to me.
Thea. come on!
Papa...
I'm scared.
Who taught you that word?
Hein ?
None of us.
It'll be alright. Ben.
Whatever happens. as long as I'm here...
You have nothing to fear.
All right ?
Come on. Ben.
Now. go for it!
Don't move!
There are too many of them.
A large army means only one thing.
More targets.
Who are you. little boys of the palace?
Sire !
Go. and don't stop.
Come on !
I'll take care of that.
Is someone looking for trouble?
That's enough!
Come on !
How dare you come to my city!
You don't know who you're dealing with?
Why don't you tell me?
I am......
The commander of the royal guard!
The king's damned man-at-arms.
You have failed.
Stand up. get up.
Come on. please.
I failed.
- Come on! - Wait.
The Battle of Randor ends tonight.
You thought you were so strong that you stopped
fearing what was lurking in the shadows.
It was me.
I learned.
In the deepest and darkest
corners of the universe...
I learned.
But now I've stepped out of the shadows.
So you will behold your cursed enemy.
Go ahead. don't look back.
Adam.
Don't worry. my boy.
I am here.
Be strong. my son.
I've got you.
Dad?
Vas-y.
What are you going to do to me. demon?
I'm just going to cut your head off.
My fate doesn't matter...
The Eternal Ones will never be yours!
No palace is anything but Greek and Nordic.
Your crown will cost you dearly.
No. I want her to be invested with power.
Eveline ?
Goodbye. Lord Skeletor.
Poetry.
But take him away. he's dead.
The new standard. the
Dahlia. will witness my rise.
Non !
That's it. I'm finished.
Of course. my lord.
When I raise my fist like that. I'm done!
Yes. my lord.
It's a crescendo!
Not for the future. my lord.
His skull will fall off.
Non.
He will hold.
Bring me the sword. my child.
Yes. now hurry up!
Please take the sword to a safe place.
Somewhere far away from here.
A place where they will never find her.
Take care of yourself.
And never forget where you come from.
This sword is mine.
Be a good boy and bring it to me.
Don't you dare take another step!
Mom !
Oh. my darling. I'm here.
Don't lose the sword.
It's your only way to get home.
You carry the hope of Eternia.
Now. go!
In short. that's how I
ended up in Oklahoma City.
And you. Joy?
Is there a family from your area?
I'm sorry.
Are you Skeletor?
Yeah.
Yes. that's it.
Yes.
OK.
I must answer.
It didn't ring.
No. I have to take it and leave.
Okay. Julie. I'm sorry.
I know it sounds crazy.
Was it because of the sword?
The sword is in fact merely a
receptacle to contain the power.
It could be this cup. for example.
So now. your cup contains
the power of Grayskull.
Except that it's not your cup of tea.
That was my sword.
And I lost her that night.
You know. I'm not
proud of it. but I lost her.
I will find her.
When I find her. she will
show me the way back.
You're breaking up with me.
Non.
But they are made for each other.
Cassie.
Please don't do that.
You don't think so.
Hello.
What's up. brother?
You come home early.
I don't want to talk about it.
Mec.
Did you tell him?
Like. everything?
The witch.
The talking green tiger.
Even kings who are terribly
disappointed by your lack of masculinity?
Yeah.
Yeah. I probably should
have left that part out.
I mean. you tell a girl from the
suburbs that you're from another planet.
but you're stuck here until you find
that magic sword that will take you home.
It just makes you look a little crazy.
Drawings of muscular guys.
The stories speak for themselves.
Muscular in real life. man.
OK ?
For example. she asks me where I'm from.
Like. what am I supposed to say?
That your parents were killed
in some kind of traumatic event.
I'm really sorry. by the way.
And that you repress it. and that
you replace it with this fantasy.
Isn't that what your therapist says?
You say I should simply forget who I am.
The goal of my entire life.
Maybe the goal of your whole
life is simply not to be weird.
Have you already thought about it?
Like. why can't you just go to work. pay your rent. live for
the weekend. and count down the days until your next vacation?
Like everyone else.
OK.
Simon. let's draw your
favorite historical figure.
Rembrandt is historical.
Non.
It's going to be a good day.
I understand you emotionally.
I feel a consensual connection with you.
I see you for who you truly are.
And you can remember
it with our favorite mantra.
Let us all stand up and say it together.
Let's all stand up. okay?
I have the power to be
the best version of myself.
That may be his truth.
but it's not my truth.
I think we all need to agree on
the truth we're talking about here.
I feel like a lot of truths are being said.
But perhaps what would be more constructive
would be to listen to the truth a little.
Excuse me. what?
You are in my shoes.
What ?
You're taking my place.
I'm sorry.
Uh. hey. any advice for a newbie?
You know. like. a few words of wisdom?
Okay. kid.
You need to position yourself
behind yourself. not in front.
The front is a facade.
But if you support yourself. there
is nothing you cannot accomplish.
Cool.
Really cool.
Um. could you just repeat
that to me. like. one more time?
No. that's all you'll get.
Have a good trip. kid.
Ding dong!
Oh. hi.
Do you have a moment to come
and talk to me in my office very soon?
Actually. I was dealing with
some really important stuff for HR.
I see that. yes.
But I wasn't really asking
you. I was telling you.
Oh. okay.
Yes. it's confusing.
The tone is a bit confusing.
It's like. is this a question or not?
That's not a question.
So. I'll see you in. say. ten minutes?
All right.
Okay. Susie.
Adam.
Do you ever think about
your future in this company?
Should I?
All right.
Let me try to approach the
issue from a different angle.
You are good at your job.
You are kind. honest. and caring.
People listen to you.
People like you.
But you seem distracted.
And I never want to spoil anyone's fun.
And if your thing is nerd stuff
and sword stuff. that's great.
But I wouldn't be doing my job if I
didn't give you this little reprimand.
Reprimand?
Talk to. you know. the
strict boss over there.
I can't be the nice friend.
But look serious now.
Your hobby is harming your work.
What if we ignored that for a minute?
All right.
This obsession with swords is
not good for human resources.
In fact. I'm going to have to fire
you if you don't pull yourself together.
Oh. so it's like an ultimatum.
Yes. Okay.
Yes. you understood.
Wow !
Conflict is not my strong point.
You will be fired if you don't stop looking
for weapons during your working hours.
You're scaring people.
Especially Daryl.
My God. I hate Daryl.
Listen.
You don't understand.
I am nothing without this sword.
OK.
Moment of truth.
Are you going to live here. in reality?
Or are you just going to waste your life like
some kind of dreamy Jimmy. without any goals?
with no way to stop
you from touching the...
I can see your hand.
If I could just touch her for one second...
No. don't do it.
Just look at what's written there.
Non.
Okay. actually. no.
OK. you did it.
Alright.
Adam.
I have to go.
Attends. Adam.
If you go through that door. you
can say goodbye to this place.
Consensually.
OK. I think I've arrived.
Meet me inside.
Well. how will I know that it is...
You'll know.
That's you. isn't it?
Almost certain.
Yeah.
Tight ?
Do you have my sword?
No. I don't think so.
No sword?
Non.
Okay. well then. you're not yourself.
Pardon ?
Yes.
You have my sword.
What ?
Adam.
Do you have my sword?
That looks like me.
It's me.
What the hell is this. man?
You're literally going to ask everyone
in this store if they have a sword.
Yeah. well. it looks like
they all have swords.
I have a wizard's staff at home.
Stay away from him.
I can't take you any further.
What ?
What am I supposed to do with this?
That's your problem. man.
I've never been here before.
Did you hear that?
I'm in trouble.
Hey. you can't do that.
Oh. don't worry.
The sword is mine.
Sir. please release Torak.
Torak is on top of me.
Sir. please stop assaulting the looter.
He's the one raping me.
Continue.
Sir. this sword is not for sale.
I'm not buying it.
In a second. I will disappear
in a flash of brilliant light.
Here's something.
Non.
By the power of Greyskull. I must go!
Greyskull. she is...
Non.
Are you single?
Is this the...
First word of power.
Yes. that's it.
OK.
If you like it. brand.
Do something.
Hey. nice sword. Highlander.
Yeah. nice sword. Rip Van.
King Arthur.
But what are you. anyway?
Highlander ?
Idiots.
Hold on tight.
Greyskull.
Adam ?
Is that really you?
What ?
You don't recognize me?
Hein ?
Still as fearful as ever.
Have you been here?
Ready to go home?
Why is this thing chasing me?
He's not looking for you. that's it.
The sword sent a signal.
Why did it take you so long to lift it?
I've somehow misplaced it.
Lost?
Yeah.
It's been 15 years.
OK. on ​​three.
And.
No. no. it doesn't matter.
Two.
I can't do it.
Three.
Saute !
What ?
Non !
What's wrong with you?
Where are we going?
My spaceship.
Up there.
Up there where?
Oh.
Cool.
Ship. open up.
Opening the hull door.
You know what?
I told you it was real.
YOU.
More precisely.
You know. you represent in a way many
people in my life who have doubted me.
Spaceship. let's get out of here.
NOW.
Let's get out of here now.
Attends.
This is going to get weird.
OK.
Ship. hold the helm.
I'm holding the bar and it's getting weird.
I can't believe it's you.
Yeah.
It's me.
You've grown so much.
And you've grown old.
Well.
You've aged well.
You've gotten old.
You haven't changed at all.
Well.
Adam. you have no idea how hard it's been.
I mean. everything has
changed since you left.
Tes parents ?
Yes.
Skeletor took them away.
That night.
And we never saw them again.
Arrival in Eternia.
We can finally go home.
I will manage your expectations.
Two.
And.
Everything has disappeared.
Skeletor never wanted Eternos.
He simply didn't want
anyone else to have it.
Why would he do that?
Because he is bad.
There must be something else.
He has a skull instead of a face.
We have to leave.
It's too dangerous to be exposed.
What are you looking at?
I'm sorry. sir.
I didn't know if you were
awake or not. Your Grace.
Bring me my stick. you pig.
Yes. sir.
Be careful if you drop it.
I'll have you minced into sausage meat.
Just like your mother.
My lord Skeletor.
The beast is back.
You nasty. evil Skeletor.
Sadistic lord of evil.
Oh. be quiet.
On your knees.
Further down.
Tell me you have the sword.
I have found her. my lord.
But the killer took her.
Please tell me you have the sword.
Stop. please.
That really hurts. my lord.
Wait.
The quel of the king's man-at-arms.
Intelligence services report that his ship conducted
an aerial reconnaissance over Eternos this morning.
So the sword is here.
We need to follow her
and see where she goes.
It is already underway. my lord.
Why are you still here?
Bring me that sword.
you stupid little clock.
Who am I. you member of the family?
Am I not powerful?
My lord. you are the most powerful.
Have I not done everything in my power to show the
people of Eternia that I am a just and worthy ruler?
You killed thousands of them to prove it.
But what is it worth?
My lord. if I may.
You have already won.
You have a vast army at your disposal.
Your Staff of Chaos.
Your Throne of Bones.
You have me...
me.
Do you really need more?
All of this can be taken
away from me. don't you see?
They can take my stick. they can take you.
All of that.
And then...
What do I have left?
My lord. you are...
I am nothing!
As long as this sword remains in someone else's
hand. any power I have is only temporary.
I need more than just powers.
I am not just a king.
I am a demon.
But I want to be a god.
The Royal Guard.
There are no one left of us. in any case.
Is the Royal Guard here?
Were you hiding?
The Skeleton would never look for us here.
And now that we have
the sword. we can beat him.
Keep it close to you.
And try not to draw attention to yourself.
Is that what people wear on us?
Actually. no.
Not really.
Don't stare.
My eyes are fixed on the sword.
Okay. let me speak.
These guys might be a little upset. but...
Where were you?
You were supposed to be on patrol.
Skeletor's henchmen are everywhere.
I found the Sword of Power.
What ?
To be.
And the man who wears it
is the son of King Randor.
The prince of Aeternos.
long since disappeared.
Hello Sir.
My son.
It's a real pleasure to be here.
He is not the king's son.
Yes. it's him.
And he can prove it.
I can ?
Yes.
SO...
I remember seeing you on TV
when I was a child. with my father.
We did combat drills.
What ?
Is this an earthquake?
Who is this little guy. like...
Yield?
What did you call me?
You know. his...
Well. I called you that
because he looks like a...
What does it look like?
A man...
Who rams.
Impostor.
You don't know us.
No. no. no. I know you.
I've talked about you
to people all my life.
When I was a child. I made these
drawings so I would never forget you.
Ah good ?
Yeah.
So. who am I?
You are...
Fisto.
I know it's a very appropriate name. but...
You know...
You hit people. son.
I don't hit people.
I'm almost certain I saw
you hit a goblin once.
Adam !
Here is the savior of Eternia.
Listen. I know that's not what
I was expecting either. okay?
But I swear. it's him.
I mean. I found the Sword of Power...
Let me see that.
And that led me to...
Stop fidgeting!
Tell me more!
This guy.
Catch him!
THANKS.
To be honest. I thought it would go better.
We're going to need a
minute to discuss this.
Of course. yes. yes. let's discuss it.
Adam !
No. no. no. no!
That's Dina. isn't it?
On what day?
Dion.
Dion. yes!
Oh my God.
Okay. this is super crazy. but...
We used to go to school together.
You were pushing me into the lockers.
Did it hurt?
Well...
Dion ?
I think you've locked it.
An accident.
Fisto?
It's because he has a huge...
I was ten years old. okay?
We need to get out of here.
It smells like a urinal in here.
Oh.
Tim.
That's all.
Yeah. that's absolutely right.
Is it a class four combat robot?
What ?
No. it's nothing.
Service robot.
Glorified cleaning lady.
Charming.
Well. class four robots are the
deadliest super soldiers ever designed.
A single one of these robots is
worth approximately 15 soldiers.
Actually. it's 20.
Awesome.
It looks like the sword of power.
It's smaller than I thought.
It's just because my hand is very big.
Your big hand is the other hand.
This one is quite large too.
That's why the sword
looks so small when I hold it.
Captain?
Yes. go ahead.
We might have a problem up front.
They have come to retrieve the sword.
We need to get out of here.
Miss. you don't have to
be here cleaning the floors.
You can join us.
As a servant?
No. as a soldier.
Adam. can you please stop
making friends with devices?
Okay. okay.
I will join you.
Provided that I don't prepare anything
to eat. that I don't wash anything.
and that all fluids of any kind that come
out of you shall be your responsibility.
Understood ?
Attends.
Help me pick it up.
I can't leave him.
What ?
The drunk guy?
Dad!
Wake up.
Why did you call him Dad?
That's my father.
Dad!
Wake up.
Hey. speak more quietly.
Are you going to help me pick it up or not?
Yeah.
Oh my God. it's heavy.
Oh.
Yes. good idea.
He needs to hydrate.
Who is this guy?
I know you.
Yeah. yeah.
A long time ago. when I was
a child. you used to train me.
Sword fight?
Hand-to-hand combat?
Oh. you reprimanded me. kicked me while I was on the
ground. demoralized me. totally destroyed my self-esteem?
Who ?
Um...
Adam.
I am...
I'm not playing anymore.
Nobody asked you to clean!
Wait a minute. I know who you are.
I let it flow a little...
Yeah.
It's me !
Nice little Adam.
Adam !
You're so cool.
You remember me.
Weeby.
Silly. like...
Wow !
Wait. okay. I don't think I was...
Was it successful?
Okay. that's enough. let's go.
Come on. we have to go. Jack.
No. no. no. I am perfectly fine here.
Go away. you.
I'm staying here next to this vomit.
We're going to have to wear it.
Oh. I see.
Thank you so much for inviting
me on this exciting adventure.
I am your father!
I said I am your father!
This way!
The soul is here.
Find it!
We must take up the sword.
She's far from him. that's not certain.
Come on !
We have to go.
What's going on here?
Hey!
Shitty robot!
I told you. look.
I can walk.
Uh. maybe you should bend down.
You should maybe...
Robot !
Can you please switch to
combat mode for. like. a second?
Are you trying to be funny?
It's a service robot.
Duncan reprogrammed it years ago.
You said I was right. I suppose.
Maybe I almost blew my head off.
It was a malfunction.
Yeah. that's it.
Course.
We're causing damage!
Get rid of him. man!
Follow me!
Did she jump?
I wasn't expecting that.
You don't need to...
Do you want me to wear Duncan?
Would you call me?
OK.
Duncan. are you okay?
How is it that he is not dead yet?
Non.
Dad!
No. I'm dead.
Board.
Get out. cowards!
Trap Jaw.
Who ?
It comes from my drawings.
Trap Jaw ?
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Board.
Someone. man.
We're trapped.
There's nowhere left to go!
Maybe...
Maybe I can talk to him.
Many people are starting to die.
What ?
Has he lost his mind?
A dialogue?
I do it for work.
All the time.
Actually. I'm quite good at it.
Hey. no.
I'll be right back.
Non.
What ?
Good morning !
M. Trap Jaw !
Hello!
Um...
Who are you ?
Can I talk to you for a second?
I just want to defuse the situation here.
because it seems like emotions are running high.
Oh. they are lively.
Really ?
So. who are you?
I am Adam. the director.
All right.
It looks like we're heading
towards a conflict here.
Stop talking.
All right.
Conflict resolution applies
to unaffected communication.
Isn't that right?
Non !
Use the sword!
Use the sword?
Which ?
Say the words.
I need power.
By the power of Grayskull.
Transmute Grayskull.
We are saved.
We're doomed.
Hey. we have to go. come on. let's go.
Guys. do you see that?
That thing you saw. I thought
I had killed all those friends.
I saw it. I saw it.
I shot them all down.
And you did it.
I want that sword.
Can you hear me?
She is mine.
Mine. mine. mine. mine. mine. mine.
I'll get it.
Can you hear me?
Do you understand?
Pursue them.
Take the sword.
You are not stealing.
Isn't that right. Tia?
Not now. Adam.
All right.
Super !
Breach. the hull is pierced.
Verification. Analysis in progress.
Analysis in progress.
My phone case is broken.
You understand.
Say it.
I have a lot of experience
when it comes to life.
Do you want to walk. Dad?
Because I'm going to make you walk.
Love?
Go outside and shoot some bad guys.
OK.
Skyscraper. at the rear.
Come on.
Skyscraper.
Not you.
What ?
Definitely not you.
What the hell is going on?!
- I'll try to get rid of...
- Just a little pressure...
Not a word.
Wow.
You can really fly.
I don't want to hear it.
Insurgents of Eternia.
your long reprieve is over.
It's over for you.
Well. if you want to live to see another
morning. I now ask for your day in the field.
Do you know what that means. Mrs. Friant?
This means I will kill you one by one until you
tell me the name of this insolent barbarian.
And you know who I'm talking about.
Muscles. blue and fabric. all
tanned. a large shining sword.
Hum.
Non ?
Alright.
You are ?
Even in voice.
Euh. Mossman.
Really ?
Watch the heroes of Eternia as
he pleads for his miserable life.
Continue.
Look. darling. I've prepared lunch.
So I ask you again. who is the
warrior who fought for you today?
Person.
I'll tell you.
Oh. please do it.
It was the young prince
who returned from the tent.
Really ?
Take them all.
Lock them up.
May this minute burn to the ground!
They're not going to follow us here.
Not without reinforcements.
I'm going to go get Adam
while it's still daylight.
No. no. no. no.
Let me do it.
GOOD.
Really. Dad. I'll take care of it.
Tina. that's my job.
I was doing it.
That's what you were doing.
I'll take care of it.
Stay here.
Who am I?
You are the one who will
bring peace back to Eternia.
The champions of Grayskull.
Oh. thank you. Soda.
You are alive.
I think you just chased away the witch.
It's not the witch.
I really think it was the witch.
Of course.
Are you injured?
Hardly any. not at all.
GOOD.
Come on.
It's starting to get dark.
We will camp here tonight.
We'll leave again first thing tomorrow.
What ?
Nothing.
It's just that I haven't seen
you like this for a while.
Well. Banner Arms is here somewhere.
I hope you find it.
Hey. wait a second.
What do we have here?
Who wants to have a drink?
Dad. are you serious?
What ?
Come on. sit down.
Let's open some of them.
tell stories. sing songs.
If we don't celebrate.
there are many victories.
Victories?
What a victory!
Well. we're not dead.
Oh. is this a victory for you?
Tina. I say we deserved it.
You've deserved it for 15 years.
Even more so for you and me.
Come on. sit down.
Upon the return of the sword
and the champion of Greyskull.
Tearing off a guy's arm doesn't really seem
like the kind of thing we should be celebrating.
Well. it was either you or him.
And what happened to understanding. to listening.
to the simple act of talking to each other?
Come on. tell me.
What are you going to do when a
guy charges at your family with a sword?
OK. I understand.
What ?
I'm supposed to say that
you're fighting against him. right?
Non.
You protect them.
You're seeing all of this the wrong way.
I mean. you rush to
the trigger. happy grunts.
Look how backward they all are.
But when war breaks out. it is
not the poets who come forward.
He's the muscular man.
He's not doing it for the glory.
He does it so that his children
can see another morning.
That's what a man is. as far as I know.
He gets up when we need him.
Just like you did.
Speaking of which. you weren't bad either.
That's the nicest thing
you've ever said to me.
I mean. a forearm.
It's a bit sloppy.
I had to work on it a bit. but here it is.
Not bad.
That's the Duncan I remember.
Hey. can you come help me with this?
Wow.
It's quite heavy. so if you could just...
Oh. my God. yeah.
Your. uh...
Your boy's clothes are in my...
Sorry.
All right.
SO...
What does it feel like
to be the mighty warrior?
Um...
All things considered. I feel pretty good.
But I'm not really sure
what happened to my shirt.
Where are my pants?
Does it come back. or do I
have to buy a new one each time?
I really missed you. you know.
Me too.
I've been thinking
about you the whole time.
Me too.
Honestly. there hasn't been a
day that I haven't thought about you.
Me too.
And how much our friendship means to me.
You've always been such a good friend.
Like. a very. very good friend.
You know. practically a little brother.
Yes. you have always been my
friend. and you will always be my friend.
And nothing will change that.
Never.
Hi. my dog.
I know.
Very well. let's confiscate that
flask before my father starts singing.
Yeah. we don't want that.
Yeah.
Behold your great
riches. Scythian. Skeletor.
And you are nothing but
earthworms beneath my feet.
Earthworms?
You just called us earthworms.
Blessed is he among you who
thinks he has a higher purpose.
It seems the prince of Troy has returned.
But this is no longer
your Eternia. Prince Adam.
It is mine. and everything in it is
mine too. including this sword you carry.
because it is worthy of a hand
far more powerful than yours.
So. here is my anonymous offer.
Bring me the sword to Snake Mountain. and perhaps
you can still reconcile with your mom and dad.
Yes. they are alive and well.
Okay. North. where are the others?
They are alive.
But it is at that moment that you
will be able to be a happy family again.
Or. they can die horribly. and it
will be on your account forever.
And I will hold you with this
sword that weighs upon your hand.
Champion of Grayskull.
Half-life ?
Non.
Adam.
Adam. it's a trap.
We can't let Skeletor get
his hands on the sword.
He would be invincible.
I'm going to kill him with it.
We are talking about Skeletor.
You can't get involved in that.
I hold the power of a god in my hands!
But you are not a god.
You are a man.
They took my family. Tila.
I must save them.
That's what a man does. okay?
You speak like my father.
Is that a bad thing?
We'll see.
Adam ?
We're with you.
At each step of the way.
It's like they want to die all the time.
Not now.
Come on.
Stay behind us. this way.
We don't know what's here.
I'm in it.
Attends.
Hello.
I am Adam.
Prince of Eternia.
Defender of the secrets
of Grayskull Castle.
And I carry with me the sword of power.
I'm not afraid of you.
Give me your weapon.
I will not give the sword to Skeletor.
And only in Skeletor.
Keep the sword.
Guards!
Take this one and its gold.
Magnificent muscles.
To Lord Skeletor.
The others will come with me.
Prepare the dungeons.
Adam. you provided the help!
Superb view. isn't it?
Should I leave you for a moment?
Dad?
Adam ?
Is that you?
Yes.
It's me.
Terror's reconciliation has been cancelled.
Now. give me the sword.
Release him.
I said it first.
Free him!
You don't want to play this
game with me. you naughty boy.
I played to win.
And I cheat.
Take it.
You can try.
For good to happen.
evil ends; it is frozen.
The other prince made him perform the show.
But to what end?
Confront me. like a man.
Well. A. I have no face.
and B. I don't want to.
Besides. it's my turn to put on a show.
What do you think. Dad?
Should I let him waltz away
while I kill you with his own sword?
Yes.
Oh !
Dad?
I missed you.
Here you are.
Ah. you took your time.
But you came back.
Yeah.
I've changed so much.
I am no longer that. uh...
I am no longer that weak little boy.
Yeah.
No. I am everything you wanted me to be.
And what is...
And what did I want you to be?
Someone else.
Non.
No. I didn't ask for that.
I didn't ask for what I wanted.
As a boy. you were so small.
The world...
seemed so big for you.
So I tried to make you strong.
Because I wanted to...
I wanted to protect you.
It's the only way I knew.
There is...
There are so many
things I should have said.
It's good.
I wish I had understood better back then.
I would have liked to leave you...
to be young.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Daniel.
Daniel. close your eyes.
I haven't had the chance to say that yet.
I need you to...
Do you understand me...
You hear me say it.
And so you both submit.
Are you okay. Matt?
You have become yourself again.
Daniel.
He left.
And soon all our wishes...
will now be reborn.
And the universe will tremble in my shadow.
By the power of Grayskull...
Is...
Was it good?
Did I mess up the words?
No. not the words.
Perhaps with more feeling this time around?
Don't test me. woman.
Why isn't it working?
What ?
Tell me why it's not working.
It's a ritual I can perform.
If we bring the sword back to Grayskull.
to his altar. I promise you it will work.
It had better be.
Prepare my ship.
Hi. Dad.
Do you want to talk?
Adam. I'm not very good at. uh...
talk.
You know. about. uh. what. you know...
You know. uh. what's going on inside.
You know. the. uh...
sentiments ?
Yeah. that's it.
But here's what I know.
I know what it's like to fail.
Discovering that you are
not who you thought you were.
It is better that she considers me as an old
drunkard worth saving than as an old man worthless.
I disappointed her.
I let you down. Adam.
I promised I would protect you all and...
And I couldn't.
Do you remember what
you were telling me when...
Did they kick my ass when I was little?
Yes.
I was saying: forget it. do 20 push-ups.
Non.
You were saying...
You must get up and stand.
Maybe we should both try it together.
What do you think?
I'd like that.
I'm going to be knocked out.
I have...
I brought someone here to see you.
Hein ?
Cringer ?
Oh. can I lick you now?
Uh. yeah. of course.
Oh. wow.
We missed you. my friend.
I can't believe you're here.
I can't believe we're all here.
All the heroes of Eternia.
Adam ?
How are you ?
Yeah.
I think so.
Gather together!
Come on !
Gather for the war room.
Not a war room.
Just a seminar.
Seminar.
OK.
Gather for the war seminar.
Come on !
If I could just have
your attention. please.
I'd just like to take a moment to
think about an escape strategy.
A what?
Is this supposed to be a fighting speech?
Team building.
Yes.
Who is this guy?
Yes. who are you?
Madam. Prince of Eternia.
Hello. excuse me.
Good morning.
Yes. I thought Adam was dead.
Hey. tuck your neck in.
Let him speak. Adam.
Non.
Not dead.
As you can see. very much alive.
What did he say?
Speak up!
We can't hear you.
Okay. sorry.
So. when I was on Earth. I learned that
success at work is not just about one man.
A woman?
Or whatever it is.
A person. you see?
It depends on many people working together.
Workplace
We are in a dungeon.
No. I know.
Look. I know most of you don't know me.
But I know all of you.
A place.
Heroic human periscope.
And Ram Man.
You rams.
And you are a man.
Oh yes. I do.
And you !
But you're hitting!
You hit people!
Yes. that's true!
And Dion!
You pushed me into the
lockers when I was little.
Yeah. that's true.
I know all of you.
I have kept you close to my heart.
Eternia is part of me.
This is my house.
I will fight for her.
But I can't do it alone.
I need your help.
Working alone brought me here.
That's what brought us all here. hasn't it?
But if we work together.
we can change that.
You see. we need to get behind us.
Not in front.
In front. it's...
It's just a facade.
But we support each other.
There is nothing we cannot accomplish.
Ensemble.
So. we're going to take back our house.
Ensemble !
To Alan!
It's Alan. man!
Adam.
What can we do here?
These bars are made of photanium.
They cannot be broken.
These walls are made of rock.
Fisto.
Raymond.
All of you.
I have a question.
What's your bench press score?
What is the developed?
Oh my God.
Kill anyone who approaches.
Women and children first.
Good boy.
You got me. Julian.
Do you think you can fix it?
To make it combat-ready?
The last time she was
operational. she tried to kill me.
Accident.
It was an accident.
She will not resist.
Oh. I trust him.
SO.
Is.
Yeah. Okay.
All right.
Don't kill me.
All right ?
Wait. you were carrying
that on you the whole time?
Yeah.
Now. as we agreed. there's
no question of killing me.
I made no promises.
It's good.
OK.
NOW.
I can't breathe.
I'm so sorry. Raymond.
I think I'm going to faint.
I hate it.
I am dirty.
Escape!
Oh my God !
I'm scared. Jim. because
we're death-headed monsters.
Where did you find the chips?
They're arriving.
Vlado and I will hold them off
while you do what you have to do.
Dad?
Are you sure you can handle that?
Non.
I'm not sure. but I'll do my best.
I know you will do it.
You are so strong.
Stronger than I've ever been.
You are the man I would not want to be.
Um...
THANKS ?
Yeah.
Come here.
I love you guys.
Oh.
It was really beautiful.
I'm a little emotional.
So. uh...
Yeah.
I just want to get out of here.
OK.
It was nice.
A beautiful moment.
The three of us.
OK.
Yes. let's go.
Super.
Is it too late to withdraw?
Shouldn't I be wearing
armor or something like that?
That looks dangerous.
Pussy.
Deal ?
Really ?
Not a kitten.
It's a fighting cat.
No. I am not that.
Oh. okay.
Just this once.
Ahead.
This time. I'm really wearing armor.
Let's confront the bad guys!
Go. Batman!
I'm sorry.
It's happening!
Now let me show you what
a real man does with power.
Defend yourself. witch.
What do you think of that?
You and I. we'll sneak out of
here and let them fight it out.
Nice try.
You are indeed your father's daughter.
Oh yes. I am.
Hey!
Let's ruin their party!
I have my invitation right here.
No. if you have an
invitation. you're not early.
Oh. it's one meter above the ship!
Those assholes!
You're really ruining this party. Metaphor.
Isn't that great?
I'm not going to make it to that castle.
It is impossible for me to stand.
You've barely been on
your feet since I met you.
Hey. do you still have any missiles left?
Yes. one.
That's all we need.
Yes !
Hooray!
What is this ?
Do you remember me?
Do you remember what I was like?
The commander of the Royal Guard.
The king's man-at-arms.
Today.
I am a new man.
Heh.
Don't do that again.
And him?
Don't you dare to fade away in front of me.
It doesn't matter.
Existence is a series of absurdities
leading to infinite nothingness.
That's my daughter.
Oh. that cursed steam!
I'm coming down to Earth!
Well. look at this.
It seems your soul is worthless.
Nothing more than a
cheap toy to have fun with.
That's not possible.
I'm curious.
Without that. what would you be?
Who are you?
Let's see.
When I lived with you.
Adam. I was never really well.
You escaped the barbarians. let's say.
I don't think you have a
world that does that. my God.
I suspect you have a lot of them.
And those who didn't harass
you. they. uh. they felt sorry for you.
It wasn't like that.
Non ?
How was it?
What ?
Your home planet.
What was she like?
Well. it was. uh...
It was magnificent.
But I don't think you've seen it before.
Oh my God.
Have you ever been to Sedona?
Hello. teacher.
This is Warrior.
This is madness.
They constantly humiliate me.
Adam. can it wait?
I have a performance for you with Daryl.
Who is the demon. Adam?
He's the bad guy.
He broke my sword.
We're going back with our swords.
When I conquered the
entire planet. you were there.
What is this?
It's about human resources.
Human resources?
Adam. you naughty boy.
Oh. come on.
You could pretend to be the leader
of the old giant's muscle team. by
swinging on the sword. which
hangs between your glorious thighs.
But you must be a loser.
Eternia is not your home.
It's a dream of something you are not.
And the dream is over.
Adam ?
Hi. Adam.
How are you ?
Yeah.
I just think I might be dead.
Mince.
It's tough. brother.
Well. let me know if you need anything.
I think you might have missed one. so...
So.
It's rather convenient to
die just before the rent is due.
I'll take care of it.
It's a talking bird.
Yes.
That's weird.
You had a talking cat.
That's a valid argument.
So. it's over. right?
Am I dead?
Maybe.
Get up.
How can I get up if I'm dead. huh?
You have the power.
No. Not anymore.
The sword is broken.
Which sword?
The sword of power.
Oh. that one.
What's wrong with her?
It's broken.
It is the sword of power.
He who wields the sword holds the power.
Adam. when you brandish your magic
sword. what words do you pronounce?
By the power of Greyskull.
Yes.
Continue.
I have the power.
That's it.
You have the power.
You.
I have chosen you.
In the hands of the champions of
the past. power was a brute force.
But in your hands. it
becomes much more than that.
It's about understanding.
That's empathy.
That's humanity.
That is why I have chosen
you as my vessel. Adam.
I am the receptacle.
Now you're ready.
Skeletor. I have a proposition for you.
Why not put an end to this cycle
of violence and have a discussion?
Just talking.
You destroyed my world.
You have caused so much pain and suffering.
And perhaps it's because
you couldn't be king.
Perhaps it's because you weren't
loved enough when you were a child.
I don't care who you are.
What matters is what you do.
So. do something good.
A kind of toasted bread with muscular mink.
There is no life that lives here.
There is nothing good in
me that you could discover.
Nothing you could say
will change my nature.
Useless child.
Yes. you may have the power.
but you're too afraid to use it.
And you don't even know how.
It is...
Is that all you have?
I got caught in my own punches.
Do you want to talk?
All right.
What do you want to talk about?
The time for discussions is over.
Get up. squink.
Here you are.
SIX MONTHS LATER
So. that was the way you...
So. you killed them.
What do you think?
That's somewhat revealing.
Hi. Adam.
Hello.
How are things going with your. uh...
Your feelings and all that?
GOOD.
Yeah.
I want you to know that if
you ever want to talk. I'm here.
Super.
Or. if you want to arm wrestle. or if you want me
to beat you with a stick. I'm here for that too.
All right ?
Likewise.
The best of Eternia.
Look at them.
All the heroes you drew in your childhood.
Batman. Ram Man. Sisto. et...
What did you call that guy again?
Oh. it's Mekinek.
Super.
No A.
Yeah.
Have you ever had a name for me?
Um...
Warrior goddess.
Oh.
Because I was just a kid.
Wow. that's awesome.
I wouldn't pay too much attention to it.
You had a name for
yourself too. didn't you?
Non.
Yes. you had one.
Come on.
Tell us.
You're going to laugh.
Probably. but tell us.
It's what ?
He-Man.
What ?
It's worse than I thought.
Isn't that redundant?
What does that mean?
It's like a strongman.
Like a masculine guy.
Yeah.
What. is that too macho?
Non.
No. it's...
Hey. what do you think?
Uh. yeah.
Yeah. man. it's...
cool.
Like. it's cool to see that it was
all real and that I wasn't crazy.
Yeah. you know. now I'm next
to a green tiger and it's like...
But. hey. thanks for coming to
get me to prove that it was all real.
Oh. my red light is flashing.
I am receiving a distress
signal from a village of airplanes.
It looks like a job for He-Man.
He-Man.
Yes !
I'm going to go do that thing.
you see. over there. then...
Quickly.
Are we obligated?
Is he running away to
change the secret again?
Yes.
Does he think we've all forgotten?
Almost everyone knows it.
I mean. we could just look in
the other direction. it looks easy.
In.
Let him do what he wants.
FRENCH-STREAM
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm